My Portfolio Introduction Welcome to my portfolio website! This site showcases my skills, achievements, and interests as a student pursuing a Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA). It is designed to provide an overview of my abilities and experiences in a clean and responsive layout. Feel free to explore the sections to learn more about what I do, view my portfolio, and get in touch with me.

Features Responsive Design: Optimized for various devices and screen sizes. Interactive Elements: Dropdown menus, smooth scrolling, and contact form. Social Media Integration: Links to Instagram and email for easy contact. Portfolio Section: Displays achievements and personal projects. About Me Section: Provides detailed information about my background and interests. Contact Form: Allows visitors to send messages directly from the site. Technologies Used HTML5: Structure and content of the web pages. CSS3: Styling and layout adjustments. Bootstrap 5: Responsive design and components. Font Awesome: Icons for social media and contact options. Google Fonts: Custom fonts for better typography. Installation To run this portfolio website locally, follow these steps:

Clone the Repository:

sh Copy code git clone https://github.com/yourusername/your-repo.git Navigate to the Project Directory:

sh Copy code cd your-repo Open the index.html File:

Use your preferred text editor or IDE to open and view the HTML file. Alternatively, you can open it directly in your web browser by double-clicking the file. Usage Home: Provides an introduction and call to action. What I Do: Lists the services and skills I offer. Portfolio: Showcases achievements and projects. About: Detailed information about my background and interests. Contact: Allows visitors to send me a message or email. To interact with the website:

Click on navigation links to jump to different sections. Use the dropdown menu to access social media links. Fill out and submit the contact form for inquiries. Contributing Contributions are welcome! If you have suggestions or improvements, please follow these steps:

Fork the Repository: Click on the "Fork" button at the top right of the repository page. Create a New Branch: sh Copy code git checkout -b feature/your-feature Commit Your Changes: sh Copy code git commit -am 'Add new feature' Push to the Branch: sh Copy code git push origin feature/your-feature Create a Pull Request: Go to the repository and click "New Pull Request." License This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

